PoS space review (#501)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/pos/concepts/tokens/index.md

> The *Tokens* subsection focuses on the proposed Polygon PoS's native token POL and the soon to be replaced native token MATIC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section focuses on the proposed Polygon PoS's native token POL and the soon to be replaced native token MATIC.
```
